There were copious amounts
of blood on her basement walls.
[tense music]
[Male Narrator] Previously on
All The Queen's Men.
We can't just leave 'em here.
They gon' be aight.
I tied them up real good.
I'm a trained killer.
It's sometimes hard to turn
it off.
And make sure that bitch knows
how wrong she was
to double-cross me.
[Smoke] This is why
I love workin' for you.
The cops will find this fine.
[tense music]
Everybody. put their shit
on the ground!
[tense music]
[Madam] Get the fuck off of me.
Excuse me.
Why didn't you let me out?!
I'm sorry. Madam.
It wasn't safe.
I couldn't risk losing you.
Where's Blue?
They locked her in a crate.
Amp went to go get a crowbar.
What the fuck?!
Tommy. go help Amp!
[tense music]
[crowd murmuring]
Fuck!
[tense music]
Ladies!
Ladies. excuse me.
Everybody. please. calm down.
Now. the police
have been called.
They are on their way.
I understand that your valuables
have been taken.
Do not worry.
I am insured.
But the most important thing
is the fact that everyone
is safe and no one is hurt.
These criminals will be brought
to justice.
[calm music]
The fuck happened?
Came in distillery uniforms.
Came at the normal
delivery time.
[tense music]
Dime. what did you see?
Five women with machine guns.
Four of them came out the back.
and they had one planted
in the crowd.
[Blue] I can pull
the security footage.
See what I can find there.
What about the guys?
Are they okay?
Yeah. they're fine.
I sent them to VIP.
[Madam] Good lookin'.
-Thank you.
-Blue. go get my registers.
and make sure there is nothin'
in this fucking club
I do not want the cops to find.
They didn't touch the registers.
[mysterious music]
Madam. this seems personal.
Like they had an inside man.
[serious music]
When I find the bitches
that did this shit.
I'mma make them regret they ever
stepped foot in my fuckin' club.
[serious music]
[suspenseful music]
[flute music]
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ They know not to play with me
They know I get it started ♪
♪ Ask me will I take it easy.
Told them that it's harder ♪
♪ Ask me will I quit
Oh no. sir. I beg your pardon ♪
♪ They're saying
that it's light ♪
♪ But I turn this bitch
to darkness ♪
♪ [The sun] It go up.
we don't play around ♪
♪ I won't play 'bout
my dinero [dinero] ♪
♪ Got some gangstas in
the cut now [cut now] ♪
♪ And they're doin'
what I say so ♪
[flute music]
[bass-heavy music]
Motherfuckers think
I'm weak 'cause I'm on trial.
[Blue] Who do you think is
behind this?
[tense music]
I don't know. Blue.
There's a lot of people that
wanna get at me right now.
[serious music]
They knew the delivery schedule.
They knew to detain me first.
[serious music]
I don't know. Madam.
Feels like an inside job.
Or at least somebody
that knows how the club works.
[serious music]
You don't think it was that
pretty motherfucker. do you?
[serious music]
Who. Concierge?
Fuck. I don't know.
Nigga been real salty
ever since I stopped washin'
money for him.
That. and you did kill
his whole family.
[serious music]
Blue. it was
three fuckin' people.
I'm sure he has more family.
[serious music]
Well. that might be enough
for him not to honor his truce.
[ominous music]
You might be right.
[suspenseful music]
[Concierge] Madam.
What's wrong?
Your fingers not doin' the job?
Cravin' the real thing?
[Madam] Don't flatter yourself.
nigga.
To what do I owe the pleasure
of the call?
[Madam] My club was robbed
this evening.
You'll have to forgive me
if I don't show concern.
Since we cut business ties.
I no longer care what happens
to your club.
I didn't think you did.
[calm music]
[Concierge] Ah. you think
I'm behind it.
I don't know.
But you know me well enough
to know that I'm not gon'
leave any stone unturned.
As you should.
But I can assure you.
I'm still honoring our truce.
[Madam] All right.
I'm not gonna waste any more of
your time.
Enjoy the rest of your evening.
[Concierge] You do the same.
[serious music]
It wasn't him.
I gotta keep looking.
[serious music]
[bass-heavy music]
So what you wanna do
with them?
I don't know.
Roughin' 'em up really did feel
good.
I just...
I don't think I wanna kill 'em.
[Big D] Man. you can't bring
somebody somewhere to kill 'em.
then change your mind.
That's leavin' too many
loose ends.
-Yeah. but. like. I...
-[Big D] Wait!
What the fuck?!
[dramatic music]
What the fuck. man?!
Why'd you do that for?!
What the fuck else was
I supposed to do?!
Bro. you didn't
have to shoot him!
"But" nothin'!
[El Fuego] I thought you knew
how to tie a strong knot.
It held this long.
[tense music]
Fuck.
All right. man. look.
Let's talk this through.
Ain't shit to talk about!
Hey. some rich lady paid
us to do a job. all right?
It's like. I don't even know it
was your girlfriend. all right?
But you raped her!
Well. technically it was
a gang rape.
[serious music]
And it was some good pussy. too.
Here.
Give me the gun!
-Don't. don't!
-I said give me the fucking gun!
Listen to me!
Every time you kill someone.
it's a stain on your soul.
You don't want
that on your conscience.
Exactly.
Listen to your boy. bro.
But I don't give a fuck.
[serious music]
[blood squelching]
♪ Nice to meet you. Jack ♪
[bass-heavy music]
Well. look at you.
Look like you're in a good mood.
I am.
Don't you love it when
a plan comes together?
[Gene clearing throat]
Yes. I do.
You know. your idea to have
those girls go in and rob Eden
was kind of flawless.
And Madam's no-phones policy.
that worked in our favor.
Yep. nobody was able to report
anything until they were gone.
-I know.
-[Gene] And. and thank you
for goin' in there and gettin'
that intel.
It made things much easier.
Well. teamwork make the dream
work.
And thank you for keeping
your promise to keep Amp safe.
I am a man of my word.
Madam is finally gettin' hers.
Well. this is just
the beginning.
[soft percussion music]
You mean because women aren't
gonna go back there anymore
because they don't feel safe?
Please. those women don't give
a shit.
That club been shut up. like.
ten times.
They still come back.
Well. I guess that's kinda good.
At least when we take it over.
the money will
still come rollin' in.
That's right.
Club is a sure thing.
Madam's another story.
We gon' have to cut
the head off that snake.
Well. how are we gonna do that?
I know she'll figure out
who robbed her.
She's not one to let that kinda
stuff slide.
When one of these loose-lip hoes
talks.
she's comin' for me.
And when she does. I'll have 911
on speed dial.
She'll be picked up
for violating bail.
and they'll put her away.
Aren't you scared of.
of what she might do to you?
[Gene chuckling]
I'm actually lookin' forward
to Madam comin' for me.
Uh. 'cause I got justice
on my side.
She's already on trial.
[Gene] Exactly.
And they'll throw the book at
her for thinkin'
she's above the law.
[serious music]
I like the way your mind works.
Other parts of me work just
as well.
[serious music]
Um. you need a refill
on that juice.
I'll. I'll go ahead and get
that for you.
Don't be scared.
Boy. please.
Enjoy your breakfast.
[serious music]
[bass-heavy music]
Hey. Blue.
What's the word?
I pulled the security footage.
-Mm-hm.
-And when I zoomed in.
I saw heavy makeup.
wigs pulled down.
and eyelashes
that cover half their face.
Those bitches
and these fuckin' eyelashes.
They gettin' outta
control these days.
Yeah.
But it worked
for them last night.
[serious music]
All right.
So what are we gonna do?
What's the plan?
I'mma take the security footage
down to the police station
and see what they can find.
Why?
The fuck can they find
that we can't?
[Blue] They requested it.
Being that you're on trial.
I want you to look like
you're cooperating.
[serious music]
Whatever.
Look. I need to go get dressed
for court.
[serious music]
Am I gonna see you there?
Of course.
Where else would I be?
I don't know.
You tell me.
I looked back a few times.
I didn't see you.
I'm handlin' some business.
I'm sorry.
Hmm.
That secret business?
That shit you won't talk about?
That one?
[serious music]
Yeah. okay.
[Madam] All right. Blue.
[serious music]
[bass-heavy music]
You're supposed to stand. Gene.
Do you swear to tell the truth.
the whole truth.
and nothing but the truth?
I do. and I can't wait
to tell it.
[DA Rodds] Mr. Marks. please
tell the court who you are.
I'm an entrepreneur.
a veteran. and a child of God.
Objection.
Your Honor. we don't need
his biography.
[Gene] Your Honor. my apologies.
And what is your relationship
to the defendant?
My former business partner.
Alan Fisk. and I
were negotiating a deal
to buy Club Eden from
Miss Deville.
That was never gonna happen.
Uh. "were".
What stopped negotiations?
She killed Alan.
Objection.
Your Honor. speculation.
[Gene] I am not speculatin'.
I know for a fact
that Madam killed Alan.
Your Honor.
[serious music]
[bass-heavy music]
[Amp] All right. 'Face.
Your old ass better hope
we got some matching kneepads
for our wardrobe tonight. nigga.
Oh. that shit was funny. huh?
These knees will still get up
and whoop your ass.
Right.
[laidback music]
[Doc] Yo. 'Night.
Real quiet over there today.
playboy.
What's up. man?
[laidback music]
Y'all remember my tipper. Renee?
The one with the rape fantasy?
Yeah.
So. what's up?
You did the shit?
Man. she's tryin' to blackmail
me.
Get the fuck outta here.
How she gonna do that if
she asked you to rape her?
Yeah. bro. but she recorded it.
And if you look at the video.
it look like I'm takin'
the pussy.
[tense music]
That's fucked up. bro.
So. okay.
How much money she want?
Man. get this.
She don't even want
no fuckin' money.
She wanna be my girlfriend.
[guys snickering]
[Babyface] Wait. like. she.
she wanna date you?
Nigga. I'm talkin' holdin' hands
in the moonlight
and walkin' in the rain.
For free?
Pff. hell no.
Man. listen.
I ain't no
feed-the-ducks-in-the-park
type-ass nigga.
I should never listened
to your ass. 'Face.
Listen to me?
Hey. I just told you to get
your money. aight?
I didn't tell you to let
that bitch record you.
First off. I didn't let
her record me.
I didn't even know she was
doin' it.
You know what she doin' is
a crime. right. bro?
Bro. you gotta report that shit
to the police.
You feel me?
A Black man goin' to the police
on purpose?
Yeah. you might as well put me
in a line-up.
Yeah. fuck yourself.
You out your rabid-ass mind?
All right. listen.
On some serious shit...
It's better to be out your mind
than to be locked
in a cell again.
I know.
Trust me.
[tense music]
All right?
Listen.
[laidback music]
[bass-heavy music]
Detective.
I never thought I'd ever see you
in here without handcuffs.
It's nice to know
you think about me.
Only when I'm taking a shit.
What are you doin' in here?
Thought you'd be in court
with your boss.
I thought you'd be at the stable
with the horses.
It's nice to see that you got
some comedy in you.
You're makin' jokes when
your boss's life is on the line.
And I think it takes courage
for you to call that shit on top
of your head hair.
but I guess we two
brave bitches. huh. Detective?
[tense music]
What the fuck you want. Belinda?
I got the footage you asked for
from the robbery last night.
Put it on my desk with
the other stuff.
[tense music]
How long does
an investigation like this take?
Could be days.
Could be weeks.
Could be months.
[tense music]
You asked for the footage.
You got it.
Do your job.
Oh. I'm sorry.
You think I'm supposed to be
in a rush to help
a robber who robbed a murderer?
Nah.
[ominous music]
That's your job. Detective.
You know what?
Fuck it.
I'll do the shit myself.
I'll do it better. anyway.
[serious music]
[bass-heavy music]
So. you say that you know
Ms. Deville killed Alan Fisk.
How do you know Fisk?
That's what
the streets been sayin'.
Oh. the streets have now become
a place of factual information.
Your Honor. do you mind if
we call the streets
to the witness stand?
[Gene] Look.
-I heard from a very...
-Oh. you heard.
Well. that's called hearsay.
In the court of law.
that's inadmissible.
Nothing further
for this witness.
[serious music]
Mr. Marks. in your plans to take
over Club Eden
with Mr. Fisk. what did you
find?
That Madam was laundering money
through the club.
Objection. Your Honor.
Speculation.
Again. he has no proof.
Sustained.
To your knowledge.
was there illegal activity
going on at Club Eden?
[serious music]
[Gene] Yeah.
Alan and I wanted it to be
a legitimate business.
so the plan was...
What was I talking about?
Oh. yeah.
Right.
Uh. we. you know. we...
We planned to eat.
eat Madam out.
[stammering] Buy.
Buy Madam out.
Uh...
[DA Rodds] And then?
And then snatch...
Uh. she. she snatched...
Um. I'm sorry. not snatched.
-She...
-Are you okay. Mr. Marks?
[Gene stammering]
I feel like I'm havin' a little
panic attack.
Can I get a glass of water?
[ominous music]
Bailiff. please get Mr. Marks
some water.
[ominous music]
Mr. Marks. are you able to
continue?
I think. uh...
[calm music]
I think I'm done with this.
I think.
[DA Rodds] But Mr. Marks...
You may step down. sir.
[calm music]
[bass-heavy music]
[knocking on door]
[laidback music]
[Dime] Oh.
Hi.
[Dime] Hi. Toni.
Um. what brings you by?
[Toni] Uh. uh. I just. uh.
came by to
drop off a housewarming gift for
you two.
Me and Amp aren't in exactly
the best place right now.
so I was hoping this could be
kind of a peace offering.
[calm music]
I think that'll go
a really long way.
[Toni chuckling]
Um. Amp just went to the gym.
You just missed him.
Oh. that. that's okay.
It gives us some more time to
get to know each other better.
Oh. I brought this for you guys.
You know. maybe you can use it
to put your feminine touch on
the place
so it's not just Amp's
bachelor pad.
[both laughing]
There you go.
You read my mind.
Um. it'll be really good
to have some nice bed sheets
and towels.
[Toni chuckling] Yes.
Thank you so much.
Oh. please.
Come on. it's the least I could
do to thank you for
helping me forge a.
a new relationship with Amp.
Oh. well. he's stubborn. so...
You know. I had to push him
a little bit
to make things happen.
[Toni] Yeah. he was
always a stubborn child. too.
But so was his father.
so he gets it honest. I guess.
[Toni chuckling]
[calm music]
Uh...
What was Amp like as a kid?
Oh...
Raisin' Amp were some of
the best times of my life.
you know?
He was always so thoughtful
and. and kind.
-Really?
-[Toni] Yeah.
Yeah. you know...
He would always bring
sick animals home
to nurse them back to health.
-[Toni laughing] Yeah.
-Amp?
[Toni] Yes!
Oh. he's so sweet.
Oh. yeah.
It sounds sweet.
'Til you got a bleedin' squirrel
runnin' all through your house.
[Toni laughing]
Girl...
Amp was a great kid.
but it took him two full days
to get that little critter out.
Wait.
-Two. two whole days?
-[Toni] Yes.
-Crazy. are you serious?
-I'm dead serious.
-[Dime] You're lying. [laughing]
No. I wish I was.
I wish I was.
But. you know. the whole time
I was cussing his daddy out...
[calm music]
Oh. man. but...
He was worth all the suffering.
[calm music]
You'll see.
One day when you become
a mother.
you'll know what I'm talkin'
about.
[calm music]
[bass-heavy music]
Miss Simmons. please tell
the court who you are.
My name is Nyema Simmons.
and I am a crime lab technician
with the Atlanta
Police Department.
[DA Rodds] And please tell
the court what you do.
I analyze crime scene evidence.
Things like fingerprints.
blood evidence.
ballistics evidence.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen
of the jury.
please turn your attention
to exhibit number five.
[calm music]
Now. Miss Simmons.
when you examined this purse
that we took into evidence from
Miss Deville's home.
what did you find?
In the lining of the purse.
we found blood evidence
and ballistics residue.
And were you able
to determine whose blood it was?
Yes. ma'am.
It was Alan Fisk's.
[serious music]
[bass-heavy music]
[drone buzzing]
Yo. you see that drone?
[bass-heavy music]
What about it?
Those things aren't just toys.
They're usually recording.
[serious music]
You think they saw us?
I don't know.
Hope not.
Here. check that out
and see what we got.
If they saw us. they're gonna
find out what we did. man.
[laidback music]
Want me to shoot that bitch out?
No. man. no. no. no. no!
If they didn't see us before.
they're definitely gonna see you
you when you step out the truck.
Well. I guess we don't worry
about it then.
You want that watch?
[bass-heavy music]
Why'd you need to rob them?
Couldn't leave any
identification on 'em.
Plus. I was gonna get me one
of them smartwatches anyway.
so you know I wasn't gonna
leave that bitch behind.
you hear me?
You can't take that.
[Big D] Why not?
They can track that shit!
[ominous music]
Damn.
Give it to me.
Give me the watch.
[ominous music]
Give it to me.
Go check that wallet then.
See if they got any gas money
in there for us.
I'm not goin' through
their wallets!
It's not like they gon' need
'em.
[ominous music]
All right. then give it here.
Oh. man!
A Beaucoup's punch card.
And it's on a ninth punch.
so the next sandwich is free!
How the hell could you think
about food right now?
Man. I'm not sayin' we gotta
go to Beaucoup's right now.
but that nigga got
to eat sometime.
Shit.
[laidback music]
Miss Simmons. you've worked
as a forensic technician
for the Atlanta PD for how long?
Four years.
[Attorney Lovett] And are you
required to drug test
in your line of work?
[DA Rodds] Yes. sir.
Once a month.
So. would it be safe to say
that illicit drug use
at your job is not tolerated?
Objection. Your Honor.
Relevance.
Your Honor. I'm simply trying
to establish Miss Simmons' work
requirements.
Overruled.
[Attorney Lovett] So. would it
be safe to say
that illicit drug use
in your line of work
is not tolerated?
No. it is not.
[Attorney Lovett] Tell me this.
Miss Simmons.
Is it true that less
than a week ago.
you tested positive for PCP?
No.
Um...
That was a mistake.
[serious music]
[Attorney Lovett] Well.
these hospital records
don't seem to suggest it was
a mistake at all. but a fact.
[serious music]
No. but. but Detective Davis
said...
None of this is relevant.
Your Honor.
Miss Simmons is not on trial.
Somehow. these results were left
out of discovery
by the prosecution.
[DA Rodds] We were not made
aware of
these records. Your Honor.
And as such. I move
that we strike
all of Miss Simmons' testimony
from the record.
-Any lab evidence...
-Your Honor...
[Attorney Lovett] That has been
touched by her hand
in this case.
as well as any other.
should be thrown out.
Order!
I will not have these outbursts
in my courtroom.
Your Honor. I also want on
a record
that I'll be filing a motion
with the Bar
against District Attorney Rodds
for prosecutorial misconduct.
[serious music]
♪ I know you had a long week ♪
♪ Let me [indistinct] ♪
[moaning]
♪ I'll love you better
[indistinct] ♪
♪ Please. please. please.
I'll really beg for it ♪
♪ Beg for it ♪
[Ms. Tandy] Oh. I'm gonna cum.
[Babyface] Want me to cum
in your face?
[Ms. Tandy] Mm-hm. yeah.
[moaning]
[Babyface] Oh shit. oh shit.
What the fuck?
Shit!
Ah. my knee.
[Ms. Tandy] Oh my God!
[angrily]
[Babyface] Fuck.
I'm so tired of you
and this fuckin' knee. man!
[Babyface] Fuck.
[Ms. Tandy] If I wanted a man
with arthritis.
I would have dated a older man.
shit.
[Babyface] It's just tender.
-Go get me some ice.
-God!
Ugh!
[Babyface] Fuck.
Shit.
[serious music]
[bass-heavy music]
Ni hao ma.
[laidback music]
[Tommy] Ni hao ma.
Ni hao ma.
Tommy. what are you saying?
I'm saying. "How are you?"
I'm studying my Mandarin.
And why are you learning how
to speak Mandarin?
Well. based on
the global economy
and the strength of
the Chinese yuan
compared to the weakened
American dollar.
it only makes sense. Madam.
You know what?
Whatever. Tommy.
Learn your Mandarin.
You might fuck around and be
the Black Warren Buffet.
Thanks. Madam.
[phone buzzing]
Ni hao ma.
Yeah.
[Smoke] Hey. Madam.
I think I got a way
to get to Trouble.
It's gon' be messy.
but I can get it done.
[Madam] All right.
Well. I ain't got time for
clean. so do you.
Copy that.
[bass-heavy music]
I can't believe Nyema said
my name on the stand!
I helped that little
junkie bitch.
and this is how she thanks me?
[ominous music]
Well. Lovett is about to bring
me up on charges with the Bar.
At least your situation involves
a druggie that you can beat
in court.
[ominous music]
What are we gonna do?
They can't prove
that we got rid of evidence.
[ominous music]
Somehow.
the records got misplaced.
Doesn't mean we had anything
to do with it.
[ominous music]
It's their word against ours.
All right. if you say so.
[ominous music]
Madam and her lawyer think
that they're smart.
but I'm smarter.
[ominous music]
And if they do come for us.
they won't get us.
Not without me takin'
that bitch down first.
[suspenseful music]
If you say so.
[bass-heavy music]
♪ Death's knockin' at
your front door ♪
♪ Fumblin' the bag.
now you lookin' like a dumbo ♪
♪ I want it so bad ♪
♪ I keep tryin'.
give me one more ♪
♪ I'm asking for the combo.
yeah. I want it pronto ♪
♪ Take off like a missile
[Take off] ♪
♪ Tell me. what's the issue? ♪
♪ It could be so simple.
pay attention to the symbols ♪
♪ Tick. tick. a certain shit
got me pissed ♪
♪ I know you... ♪
[laidback music]
[Madam] So. has Trouble been
eliminated yet?
[laidback music]
Things didn't go according
to plan.
[Madam] Okay. so what's
the plan?
-I'm uh...
-[Madam] I need the shit done.
I'm trackin' her down right now
to find out
where they moved her. I'm sorry.
[Madam] Smoke. I don't need
sorry.
Okay?
I need results.
[serious music]
[bass-heavy music]
Okay. no.
Those go down...
Hey. they go down over here.
They don't go over there.
We never put
the excess back there.
Shit.
I did not mean to scare you.
Hey.
[calm music]
Hi.
[Blue] You alright?
Yeah. I'm good.
[calm music]
I'm fine. I just got a lot
going on. that's all.
I know last night was a lot.
with your necklace getting
stolen.
[calm music]
I'm fine.
It just...
I have a lot on my mind right
now. that's all.
[calm music]
What's up?
Wanna talk about it?
[calm music]
Um. let me ask you something.
Has your period ever been
over a week late for no reason?
Like. or maybe it's just stress
or something?
Nah.
My shit be like clockwork.
[serious music]
[Blue] Don't tell me you're
late.
Yeah.
[serious music]
Shit. man.
Shit is right and I'm.
I'm scared.
[Blue] That it may be Big D's?
Yeah.
And now I'm living with Amp.
so...
[serious music]
Yeah.
It's tough.
But you have to find out
for sure.
[serious music]
The last thing I need right now
is this kinda problem.
[serious music]
[bass-heavy music]
Madam. Carla's here to see you.
Let her in.
[bass-heavy music]
Hello?
You must be too caught up with
the trial to call a bitch back.
[door closing]
Yes. I am.
But obviously you came down here
anyway. so what do you want?
What we gonna do about Toni?
What's the plan?
The fuck you mean.
"What is the plan?"
Bitch. do you not realize
that I am on trial right now
for my life?
Not to mention
my club just got robbed.
I don't give a fuck about Toni
right now. okay?
And I'm not in the mood
for your bullshit. Carla.
Not today.
Well. I have a plan.
I'm gon' contest Daddy's will.
[bass-heavy music]
Okay.
Why the fuck you tellin' me?
Because I thought you would
wanna know.
Because it concern's Ma'dear.
I know you don't give
a fuck about Toni.
but you care about Mattie B's.
Yes. I do care about Mattie B's.
but I don't give a fuck
who runs it or owns it.
I mean. you can fight that bitch
to the death for that.
[bass-heavy music]
You know. I'm pissed off because
Daddy gave her
that damn restaurant.
and I don't know
what he was thinkin'.
She can't even fuckin' cook.
Why does she go in there
and start changin' up
all the recipes
of a healthy option.
a fuckin' vegan option?
Like. she gonna just run it into
the ground. and then what?
Carla. fine.
Look. if you think that you are
more capable
of upholding Ma'dear's legacy.
then do it. have at it. bitch.
I don't care.
[Carla] Well. I'm gon' win. too.
I'm about to tell the court
that she got Daddy to sign that
will while he had dementia.
Because we the only ones
who knew he was
in his right mind.
That's what I'm doin'.
Girl. why the fuck do you care
so much anyway?
Huh?
[serious music]
I know why.
Exactly why.
Your ass done spent
all that money Daddy gave you.
Why do we keep havin'
conversations about money?
Because your ass is always
in my pockets!
What's in your purse?
Bitch. that's what money is for.
Money is to be spent.
Bills keep on billin'.
You don't want me to have shit.
That's ridiculous.
[serious music]
I want you to get your own shit.
I'm gon' get Mattie B's.
That's what I'mma get.
[serious music]
[door slamming]
Fuck.
[bass-heavy music]
♪ Girls inna my crib ♪
♪ Zero Snapchat.
zero Instagram posting ♪
♪ Fuck up the vibe ♪
♪ My dick start fallin' like
London Bridge ♪
♪ I don't care if I saw you in
a magazine or if you're on TV ♪
♪ That one don't mean nothin'
to me ♪
♪ Don't need a shy hoe.
baby. I need a freak ♪
♪ Lick it like ice cream. as if
you mean to be disgusting ♪
♪ It's nothing. oh ♪
♪ Chop my gbana. once I halla
Then no stop'. oh ♪
♪ go shopping'. oh ♪
♪ Fuck That ♪
♪ mi you give you lo rado ♪
♪ Brkfst In You ♪
♪ M
♪ Azul and Champagne ni ma mu ♪
♪ I getti girls
From the Ghetto ♪
♪ get girls from uptown ♪
♪ That's the life of
A City Boy ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ You're. DA in ♪
♪ You're going to be. eat you ♪
♪ You're going to be. ♪
♪ You're. ah.
You're going to be. eh. you're going to be ♪
♪ Mama Shey Bakan ♪
♪ ME DEY START TO
Dey Para Gan ♪
♪ Start to dey halla gan ♪
♪ 'Cause you know sey my people.
dey kala gan ♪
♪ Ogun lo ma pa won
♪ As they're hatin' on us.
make we manya more ♪
♪ Know I be my father son
♪ 'Cause you know sey
I come from Port Harcourt ♪
♪ Dance Rahman Jago ♪
♪ Start to dey dance
am like I do ♪
♪ Ko ni tan lapo ♪
♪ I go show you sey pounds and
dollar po ♪
♪ 'Cause I be city boy
♪ And as I dey for the streets ♪
[knee cracks]
[music stops]
[crowd cheering fades gradually]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ She's poppin'.
lifestyle lavish ♪
she's not average ♪
♪ She's poppin'.
she the whole package ♪
♪ Who is that girl?
Who is that chick? ♪
♪ Who is that broad?
Yeah. she got her own shit ♪
♪ I'm that girl.
I'm that chick ♪
♪ I'm that broad.
she can tell I want this ♪
That necklace.
my mama gave that to me.
Uh. excuse me. my boyfriend
bought this necklace for me.
What?
Did he?
-[Woman] Yes.
-Well...
Why is my name engraved on
the back?
Give me my fuckin' necklace.
Tell me where you got it from
before I fuck you up!
Cutz.
The barbershop.
The one that's open 24 hours
in Midtown?
Yeah. that's the one.
At least give me my money back!
Bitch. I ain't givin' you shit.
The barbershop ain't no
jewelry store.
You know that shit was stolen
when you bought it.
[bass-heavy music]
[laidback music]
[knocking on door]
Yeah.
[door opening]
[footsteps approaching]
[Dime] Hey. Madam.
What?
Sorry to bother you.
[Madam] It's fine. Dime.
Wait. wait. wait.
Tell me you're not comin' in
here with some more bad news.
I am not in the fuckin' mood.
[laidback music]
A patron walked in wearing
my necklace.
and I took it from her.
Now. that's good news.
Come in.
[serious music]
Did she say where she got it
from?
She bought it from a guy at
Cutz Barbershop.
[serious music]
-Cutz?
-[Dime] Mm-hm.
I know that place.
[serious music]
And I'm not surprised.
They're most likely selling
the rest of the goods from
there.
[Dime] I was thinkin'
the same thing.
[serious music]
I like the way you've been
steppin' up. Dime.
A lot.
Thank you. Madam.
[Madam] Mm-hm.
Go get Blue for me.
[Dime] Yes. Madam.
Thank you.
[serious music]
Cutz.
Okay.
[bass-heavy music]
Yo. what the hell kinda
witness protection is this?
They can just walk up
into my room and blow it up?
I know. look. I'm sorry.
I. honestly. I don't know how
this happened.
but the point is you're okay
now.
Bitch. do I look okay?
I'm lucky I was in the bathroom.
Okay. Trouble.
I understand that you're upset.
I do. but we're moving you
to a secure location tonight.
You got me all out here
in the open.
How do I know they're not
watchin' me right now?
Look. stop worrying.
You're protected.
[ominous music]
And your mouth wasn't damaged.
So. you just focus on
testifying tomorrow.
and this will all be over.
Yeah. for you.
I have to spend the rest of
my life
lookin' over my shoulder.
You know they don't ever leave
snitches alone!
Bitch!
Oh my God!
[ominous music]
[laidback music]
I am tired as fuck.
But we gonna handle this shit
tonight.
You sure?
I can go
to the barbershop alone.
[Madam sighing]
I can go with Blue for you.
Madam.
[serious music]
For what?
Fuck those bitches.
They came in our house.
[Madam] The fuck has gotten into
you. Dime?
[serious music]
They stole my stuff. Madam.
Other people deserve
to get their stuff back. too.
[Madam laughs]
Do you hear this shit. Blue?
I hear it.
Dime bossin' up.
[serious music]
Sensei. I'mma leave you with
your bad bitch in training.
I'mma take my ass to the car.
All right. I'll be out
in a minute.
[serious music]
Look. Dime.
The other women will get
their things back. too.
Okay?
But you're not gonna be the one
to do it.
Madam. you got so much goin'
on with the trial.
I just wanted to step up
and help.
You've been stepping up.
Right here at the club.
And I appreciate you.
This is where I need you most.
Okay.
[Madam] Alright.
[serious music]
Little bossy.
Yeah. I am.
Like a real nigga wearin' off
on you.
[serious music]
Is that all of it?
I had a bad night.
Why you so loud?
Hm.
Or is it karma?
[serious music]
What's wrong with you?
No. what's wrong with you?
Your fuckin' knee.
I thought you said
that shit was straight. 'Face.
This don't look straight.
[serious music]
I'll be fine. Madam.
I just gotta get another
cortisone shot.
You better be.
Nigga. you can't work for me
with these old man-ass knees.
I know. Madam.
[serious music]
Take this shit seriously before
you become a fucking liability
and I have to take care of it.
[serious music]
I'm gonna take care of it.
Madam. I'll be fine.
[Madam] You better.
Limp on out.
[serious music]
[bass-heavy music]
-Ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh. ooh!
-Mm.
-[Man] Mm.
-[Man] Sheesh!
What's your name. baby?
Comin' in here lookin' all cute.
[Madam] You know what's not
cute?
Is you selling stolen goods
from my club
out of this janky-ass shop.
[ominous music]
I don't know what you're
talkin' about.
[ominous music]
Now. I had a very. very rough
couple of fucking days.
All I wanna do is go home.
take a bath.
and play with my clit.
So. if you do not want me to let
my government-trained
security guard
shoot you in between the eyes
before you can even think
to finish reaching for that gun.
I suggest we do this
the easy way.
[ominous music]
You're lookin' for Jamal.
[Blue] Jamal got a last name?
I'm sure he does.
I don't know it.
Where is Jamal?
I don't know that. either.
Do not make me regret or rethink
lettin' her shoot you.
[ominous music]
What do you know?
I know Jamal will be in here
tomorrow.
[ominous music]
I can text you when he gets
here.
[ominous music]
[Madam] Thank you.
I don't know why y'all niggas
insist on
doin' shit the hard way.
[tense music]
[bass-heavy music]
[knocking on door]
[rapid knocking on door]
Hold up. I'm comin'!
I swear. every day.
I get a knock on the door.
[serious music]
Ronnie Mercer?
[Midnight] Yeah?
You're under arrest.
For what?
The sexual assault
of Renee Nolan.
That bitch lyin'.
You have the right
to remain silent.
-Turn around.
-Yo...
Y'all got this all wrong.
Anything you say can and will be
used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right
to an attorney.
[serious music]
[laidback music]
[music]
♪ What's new?
Open the door. come through ♪
♪ Don't make me go through
hula hoops ♪
♪ Shoot shots. do the do ♪
♪ Hop out the box. who knew? ♪
♪ Fuck me.
do you know it's fuck you? ♪
♪ Trust me to do what
I'm supposed to ♪
♪ Thought I told you.
but nigga. what's new? ♪
♪ I got an idea.
I don't want none of you near ♪
♪ I can't believe what I hear ♪
♪ Long as that I can see clear.
I would not act out of fear ♪